---
title: Moving On
layout: post
author: aaron.arora
permalink: /moving-on/
source-id: 1ueoZRDXkqxWhABkkYXuVUm8B1tJcdEw5xB6oIglCNFc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Moving On</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>3/12/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Prior to the start of this lesson, I had made several parts of an entire game or animation/ interactive activity. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>This lesson, I aimed to complete at least two of the activities presented to us on the School Intranet. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>This week, I managed to complete my aim as I successfully made three different animative parts and saved them. These were the 'shape up,' ‘variables,’ and ‘painter.’</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td>The five main learning techniques at Challoner's- persevering, questioning, independence, reflecting and engagement.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>Persevering was a key element of today’s lesson. When our monitor told me that there was an 'unassigned variable,’ I had to continuously scrutinise my work and find out where there was a mistake or error within my work. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>Questioning wasn’t used as much as in previous lessons, however, I had to question myself as to what I was missing and why my code isn't aligning with the one presented to me on the Intranet. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Independence was used as when my partner was scrutinising code or doing something else, I’d have to do something like type in more code so that we kept a continuous pace within our work. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Reflecting wasn’t used as we started new projects.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Engagement was used throughout the lesson whilst setting up, typing, running and testing code and packing up. This allowed my group to maintain a fast pace of work and be let out of time so that we weren’t late for fifth period. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td>In my learning this week, I could have typed more accurately and not made mistakes with capitals when one variable had a capital and the next didn’t. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td>In the future, I need to double check what I type and ensure that everything aligns when it comes to variables so that all of my code isn't spoilt by it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


